docs: replace old repo links or references by the new one at space-tool-plugins apps (#25)
storyblok/pluginsblok: apps/space-tool-plugins/space-plugins/nuxt-story-starter/README.md

> Currently, the Story Starter is written only in Nuxt. However, please inform us if you would like to have a Next.js version. Feel free to create a GitHub issue to make the request.

```sh
npx giget@latest gh:storyblok/pluginsblok/apps/space-tool-plugins/space-plugins/nuxt-story-starter YOUR-PROJECT-NAME
```

> To learn more about the configuration, read the [nuxt-starter's README](https://github.com/storyblok/pluginsblok/blob/main/apps/space-tool-plugins/space-plugins/nuxt-story-starter#getting-started).

Reviewer: Hey @Dawntraoz 👋 
Here, it should still point to the `nuxt-starter`, right? 
Otherwise, it will refer to the same file.

```suggestion
To learn more about the configuration, read the [nuxt-starter's README](https://github.com/storyblok/pluginsblok/tree/main/apps/space-tool-plugins/space-plugins/nuxt-starter#configuration).
```

Author: Good catch, I missed it completely
